tube-wise/client/README.md, before:

# Tube-Wise



#### Timeframe




## Are you ready to think wisely when planning your route?

[Tube Wise]()


## Technologies Used

### Installation:

* 

### Development Tools:

* Figma
* Trello Board
* Github
* Insomnia 
* Google Chrome dev tools



### Front-end:

* React
* Axios
* React Router Dom



## Brief



#### Necessary Deliverables:

* Working App hosted on the internet.
* User 


## Planing



### Wireframe Plan:


### Project Management on Trello:




## Project Breakdown

### Day 1 - Project Planning and Initialization:

- create a repository in GitHub
- Create the App install React and typescript
- Set up the app creating a root and test it


### Day 2-4 - Backend Development

- Install node.js
- Since I am building with typescript it was required a webpack to bundle, added a loader and added some scripts to the package.json like start and build.
- Tested with if the route was making a good connection and the insonia was able to get requests.

### Day 5 - 12  Frontend Development




## Final Product

### Home Page:

![Home Page](<readmeimg/H page.png>)


### Login Page:

![Login Page](<readmeimg/L page.png>)


### Register Page:

![Register Page](<readmeimg/R page.png>)



### Garments Page:




### Reviews Page:



### Not Found Page: 




### Wins

1. 


### Challenges

1. 


### Key Learnings




### Bugs




### Future Improvements

*

Commit message:

Connection with mongoDb and testing

tube-wise/client/README.md, after:

# Tube-Wise



#### Timeframe




## Are you ready to think wisely when planning your route?

[Tube Wise]()


## Technologies Used

### Installation:

* 

### Development Tools:

* Figma
* Trello Board
* Github
* Insomnia 
* Google Chrome dev tools



### Front-end:

* React
* Axios
* React Router Dom



## Brief



#### Necessary Deliverables:

* Working App hosted on the internet.
* User 


## Planing



### Wireframe Plan:


### Project Management on Trello:




## Project Breakdown

### Day 1 - Project Planning and Initialization:

- create a repository in GitHub
- Create the App install React and typescript
- Set up the app creating a root and test it


### Day 2-4 - Backend Development

- Install node.js
- Since I am building with typescript it was required a webpack to bundle, added a loader and added some scripts to the package.json like start and build.
- Tested with if the route was making a good connection and the insonia was able to get requests.
- Connected the data with mongoDB.
- Created an env file to secure my password. 
- 

### Day 5 - 12  Frontend Development




## Final Product

### Home Page:

![Home Page](<readmeimg/H page.png>)


### Login Page:

![Login Page](<readmeimg/L page.png>)


### Register Page:

![Register Page](<readmeimg/R page.png>)



### Garments Page:




### Reviews Page:



### Not Found Page: 




### Wins

1. 


### Challenges

1. 


### Key Learnings




### Bugs




### Future Improvements

*
